Improve ICA tests (#3415)
informalsystems/hermes: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/ibc-integration-test/3353-improve-ica-tests.md

> - Update ICA tests in order to use using `simd` instead of
>   `interchain-accounts-demo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update ICA tests to use ibc-go's `simd` instead of `interchain-accounts-demo`.
```
